[tense music plays]
[rain patters]
[chuckles wryly]
[tense music continues]
[train rattles]
[engine starts]
[music stops]
- How was she?
- Green.
- You drop her home?
- No, she stayed.
Okay, well, good work.
If that's everything, I'm gonna go.
Lenny Lines called me. Said you've been
pestering her to take you on as a client.
- [vacuum powers down]
- You want to be a triggerman, Sam?
I think I have more to offer
beyond what I'm currently doing, yes.
She says she has a job,
thinks you could be good for it.
- Asked me if I thought you were reliable.
- What did you tell her?
Same thing I'll tell you.
No one knows if they can really do it
until they try it,
and then they find out pretty quick.
So she wants to hire me?
If you do this, you can't work for me.
You're out on your own.
I don't employ killers.
It's not the business I'm in.
You sure this is what you want, Sam?
[scoffs softly]
All right, go on.
[PA system] Get ready, all players.
We would like to inform you,
the first game starts in five minutes.
Let's get ready to bingo.
[suspenseful music plays]
Hm.
[suspenseful music continues]
[knocking on door]
- [music stops]
- [oil sizzling]
[Lenny] Come in.
Close the door.
You're letting all the cockroaches out.
[oil bubbling]
Take a seat.
You're a little skinny, aren't you?
Reed says you're reliable.
Well, I suppose
this is in your blood, isn't it?
So... the target.
There's a man.
He's been cheating some people.
Breaking a code, so to speak.
This is a business of codes,
you understand?
You don't. But you will. Maybe.
Anyway, this man, he crossed a line.
He has to go. Has to.
He'll be at this Chinese restaurant,
Tuesday, 8:00 p.m.
Table in the corner.
Alone.
You've not done
anything like this before, have you?
No.
Well, it's an event,
I can tell you that much.
- I can handle it.
- [Lenny chuckles]
We'll see.
[suspenseful music plays]
[music building]
[music swells]
- [gunshot]
- [clatter]
[woman gasps]
[screaming]
[train screeches, rattles]
- [heartbeat thumping]
- [breathing heavily]
[breathes shakily]
- [cell phone buzzes]
- [gasps]
- [objects clatter]
- [cell phone buzzes]
[static crackles]
[Lenny] Is it done?
It's done.
[Lenny] That'll be the hardest one
you'll ever do.
[engine starts]
[somber music plays]
[haunting female vocalizing]
- [music fades]
- [exhales softly]
[train whirring]
[Sam] They want me
to train you in the basics.
[distant train rattles]
They want you to know how to hurt someone.
They want you to know how to kill someone.
They want you to know how to walk into
a situation and assess it for threats,
how to tell if someone's gonna attack you,
how to know if you can outfight someone
or outrun them.
They want you to know
how to use your environment
to kill, maim, apprehend,
and generally cause mischief at all times.
- And you know how to do that, do you?
- Yes.
The odd-jobman?
Not the odd-jobman anymore, actually.
Good for you.
So you are gonna teach me
how to be a cold-hearted killer, then?
Darling, I shall
certainly endeavor to try.
[Helen chuckles]
- [Sam] I don't know how you do that.
- What?
Drink like a Russian submarine captain
having a mental breakdown.
[laughs]
Oh, come on.
I was with the Tory wives all weekend.
You've gotta give me this.
You know, if you really hate it,
you don't have to do it.
How did you become a...
What is it you call yourself?
A triggerman.
Triggerman, right, yeah.
How'd you become one of those?
Particularly bad careers adviser, was it?
It's a family business. My dad did it.
Something of a legend, actually.
- Wow.
- [Sam] Mm.
So you're looking for his approval.
- I didn't know my dad.
- I didn't know mine either.
He wasn't very, um, present.
But... the smell of gun oil,
leather, nicotine,
rust, it's like...
like he's back.
[thunder rumbling]
[Helen] Right.
Proust's shotgun.
Hm.
I couldn't kill people for a living.
It's not what you think it is.
Well, it's murdering people, isn't it?
So it is what I think it is.
I've never pulled a trigger
that didn't make the world better.
[chuckles]
I'm off. Are you coming?
- No, I'm gonna stay. Finish this.
- All right.
- [clears throat]
- [door opens]
[door closes]
[gentle music plays]
[indistinct chatter]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[gentle music continues]
[music stops]
[exhales]
[train rattling]
[Michael] I was, um...
I was glad you messaged.
I didn't think you would.
[Sam] Yeah. Um...
I almost didn't, but then I...
Good evening, sir.
- Hey.
- Nice to see you again.
[Sam] Nice to see you.
Do you, uh, come here a lot, then?
- Yeah.
- [Michael] Mm.
Yes, um,
I like it.
- [chuckles]
- Oh, right.
[chuckles] Can I admit something
straight off the bat?
Sure.
I don't want it to get in the way
or offend you or anything,
but I only have you saved in my phone
as "Sexy Pub Man Good Hair."
Well, you're in mine
as "Smoking Area Fit Guy question mark."
[Michael laughs]
Um...
- Sam?
- Yeah.
Michael?
Yeah.
[both chuckle]
God, we were fucked that night,
weren't we?
- [chuckles]
- [waitress] Wonton soup.
- [Michael] Thank you.
- [waitress] Chicken noodle soup.
Enjoy.
[Sam] Thank you.
- [Michael] So what do you do for a living?
- [Sam] Insurance.
[Michael] Mm, fun.
- Well... [laughs]
- [Michael] No, no, no. I'm just...
- I'm just teasing. Sorry. [laughs]
- [Sam] No, I mean...
You know, I like it.
I get to travel a lot.
[Michael] Mm-hmm.
So, um, I said that I didn't think
that you would message,
and you said that you almost didn't,
but you didn't finish
what you were gonna say.
You've gotta tell me.
Your eyes.
[Michael] My eyes?
[Sam] Mm.
[gentle music plays]
I kept seeing them.
Um... when I closed my eyes,
I could see yours.
It was, um...
it was nice.
When I close my eyes, I don't usually...
I don't always, uh,
see nice things,
so I wanted to see them again.
[romantic music plays]
To make sure I hadn't... imagined them.
[Michael] And, um,
did you just imagine them?
[romantic music continues]
[chuckles]
- [knife whooshes]
- [music stops]
- [Sam] Very good.
- Yeah.
- [Sam chuckles]
- So come on, then.
Who's the boy?
What's his name? What does he do?
Michael.
He's an artist.
What kind of art?
Like abstract, you know.
Like, um, paintings and stuff.
- "Paintings and stuff"?
- Yeah.
Huh. I can see that, actually.
You with an artist boyfriend.
- Really?
- Yeah. It'd be good for you.
- You need a bit of culture.
- Fuck off. I'm very cultured.
What's the last book you read?
Zadie Smith, something or other.
Uh, Wolf Hall?
You haven't read a book in ten years.
What does he think you do?
Um, insurance.
Do you know anything about insurance?
I know that an artist isn't gonna ask me
any questions about it.
That's very clever.
- Same time tomorrow?
- Uh, I can't, actually. I'm, um...
I am going away for the weekend.
Where's he taking you?
Wallace's family have a holiday cottage
on the Isle of Skye.
Getting serious.
Well, pack a jumper, won't you?
[car door opens]
- Next week, then?
- [Helen] No, I'm away then too.
He's just been promoted,
and there's a trip to Washington.
He thought maybe I could come along.
Okay. Well, um...
- Let me know when you're next free.
- I will.
- Take care, love, yeah?
- I'll see you, Sam.
["Renegades" by X Ambassadors plays]
♪ Run away with me ♪
♪ Lost souls in revelry... ♪
[Zack] Happy housewarming!
- [Sam] Oh, thank you.
- Oh, it's a beautiful house.
It's gorgeous.
- So this is just a little something.
- Aw, thank you very much.
- Don't thank him till you've opened it.
- It's a water filter. Brita.
So it's a brand you can trust.
It's a water filter.
Well, this is a hard water area, Samuel.
I wish you would have consulted me
before you moved here.
Oh fuck. Arancini!
[Zack] Oh my God. Ignore him.
This place is absolutely gorgeous.
And here.
[Sam] Ah.
[Zack] A little something
to celebrate you two.
[Michael] Thank you.
I'll make sure
he's not choking on arancini.
- Um, can you do something with these?
- [Sam] Yes. Yep.
♪ Rebels and mutineers... ♪
[TV reporter] ...still several seats to go,
but the Conservatives
have crossed the finishing line
and have officially won this election.
They will almost certainly proceed now
to a bigger majority.
But we can say that, based on the results...
[doorbell chimes]
- [Michael] Sam, the door.
- Yep. Coming.
[TV reporter chattering indistinctly]
- What am I supposed to do with this?
- I don't know.
It makes your tap water taste better.
My tap water tastes fine.
Yeah. So does mine.
So who are these guys?
[Lenny] The Newman brothers.
New outfit.
They're getting a bit of a foothold
south of the river.
Someone wants them dislodged.
Shouldn't be too hard.
They drive in from their mother's house
in Croydon every other weekend.
I'll get you all the details.
There is a fourth one as well. Hector.
But I haven't got a photo.
Do him too.
I don't want this.
It's a gift.
Right.
[rain patters]
[thunder crashes]
[vehicle approaches]
[suspenseful music plays]
Hey, uh, I'm so sorry. Um, it's my car.
I don't know what it was, actually,
but, yeah, I can't...
- [man 1 groans]
- [suspenseful music continues]
[Sam breathes heavily]
[man 2] Every job in the world
has a code, Sam.
[boy's breath trembles]
[man 2] Whatever you do,
there's a right way,
and there's a wrong way.
[suspenseful music continues]
Doesn't hurting people feel bad?
[dad] Well, I never killed a man
who didn't deserve it.
Never pulled a trigger
that didn't make the world a better place.
[breathes heavily]
[suspenseful music continues]
[cell phone buzzes]
[music fades]
[Lenny] Is it done?
Yeah.
It's done.
[Lenny] Good old reliable Sam.
[tapping]
[Michael] Hey.
[Sam] Hey.
[sighs]
[sniffs]
[Michael] Was wondering
where you'd got to.
Oh,
can you try this?
It's a bit hot.
I feel like it needs something.
Like a stock cube, maybe? I don't know.
Salt? You put salt in it?
[Michael] Oh, fucking hell. No, I forgot.
Oh.
I, um... went to see Veronica
and the new baby today.
My God, the little toes.
I just wanted to eat them.
[Sam chuckles]
- Hope you seasoned them first.
- Ha ha ha. [chuckles]
You okay?
Yep.
Do you wanna open a bottle of wine?
- Now we're talking.
- Yeah?
[Sam chuckles]
- I'll eat your toes later if you want.
- Oh, gross.
- Get off!
- [chuckles]
- [utensils clatter]
- [soft, somber music plays]
[music continues]
[kisses]
[sighs]
[music fades]
[pouring stops]
[hinge squeaks faintly]
- [gunshot]
- [Michael gasps]
[bullet casing clatters]
[attacker 1 groans]
- [body thuds]
- [gunshot]
- [Sam grunts]
- [attacker 2 groans]
[grunts, groans]
[attacker 2 groans]
[straining]
[objects smash]
[attacker 2 groans]
[Sam yells]
- [grunting]
- [thudding]
[panting]
[tense music plays]
[breathing shakily]
[car engines revving]
[tires screech]
[pulsing music plays]
- [car doors closing]
- [breathes anxiously]
[music fades]
[Lenny] So... is he dead?
- Hector wasn't there.
- [Lenny] Well, that is disappointing.
Maybe he slipped out without you knowing.
No. The place had been hit
before I arrived.
There was footage of him escaping.
Where would he go?
[Lenny] If he's spooked, he'll be holed up
in his hideout in Peckham.
Brought all the boys in,
pulled the shutters up, fortress.
What does that mean?
[Lenny] It means you'd better recruit
some muscle if you want Michael to live.
I did worry, you know?
The first time I met you.
Had that voice in the back of my head
telling me,
"He's good, but he might not got it."
Then you went and surprised us,
passed the test,
and we all got excited about you.
But that voice,
I should have listened to it,
because I see you now,
and you've got a warm heart.
Warm heart and blood on your hands,
and that's not a good combination.
Finish my job, Sam.
Kill Hector.
Then you and me will be square,
and all will be right with the world.
And won't that be nice?
[tense, unsettling music plays]
[laughter]
[music continues]
[thunder crashes]
[Helen] I'm not who you think I am.
[Jason] It doesn't matter who you are.
Or what you've done.
I want you to come away with me.
You and the children.
We could start again.
It could be real.
[tense music continues]
[exhales]
[music fades]
[music on TV]
- [Wallace] I thought they were shepherds.
- They've been recast.
[Wallace] Right.
I mean, that's great, because wise men,
that's a bigger role, isn't it?
[Helen] I still think
it's part of the supporting category.
- Oh, is it?
- How were the memorial drinks yesterday?
[Wallace] Yeah, they were fine.
Jason seems to have
kept himself to himself mostly, you know?
Hadn't actually worked with us
that long, I suppose,
so nobody really knew him that well.
- Well, that's awful, anyway.
- [Wallace] Yeah, it is.
Um, the play starts at 1:00.
Shall I meet you by the gates?
[Wallace, hesitantly] No.
Uh, maybe you go in and grab us some
good seats. I might be five minutes late.
You cannot come in once it's started.
Why can I not? I mean,
it's not fucking Equus, Hels. [laughs]
- I think they'll let me in.
- Just do not miss it.
- No, I won't.
- Okay?
- You look nice.
- Thank you.
- See you.
- Bye.
[door opens]
[door closes]
- So you need our help?
- Yes.
You want us
to help you kill Hector Newman?
- Yes.
- Why would we do that?
Because this is a business of codes,
and I need your help to do a good thing.
I have no one else I can ask.
Honest assessment,
how dangerous is it gonna be?
Extremely. It's double figures
heavily armed gangsters expecting trouble.
You want a percentage chance of success?
- I'd put it at 20-80 against.
- [scoffs] 20-80!
- Not a percentage. That's a fraction.
- It's a ratio, and it's not a good one.
Is it? A ratio?
- Uh, I don't know.
- Who fucking knows?
It's a shitstorm is what it is.
Why don't we just firebomb his place?
I've got a rocket launcher.
Since when have you had a rocket launcher?
- Since last Christmas.
- [Sam] Okay.
Number one, I'm not gonna let Polly Pocket
over here shoot off an RPG in Peckham.
Number two, we can't firebomb it.
There's someone inside I need to get out.
- Who?
- [Sam] A girl.
- What girl?
- She fit?
Is she what? I... I don't--
- What does that matter?
- Trying to form a picture--
I can't tell you who she is
or anything about her.
But I need your help,
because I can't do this on my own and--
- Because this is a business of codes.
- And of reputations.
You help me knock Hector Newman down,
you become the biggest names in town.
Top of the game.
Yeah, that's a good point, actually.
[scribbling]
That's our rate.
Yeah, I can pay half of that.
You can pay all of that.
Okay.
You and I aren't friends though.
This ain't a balm for our wound. Get that?
Loud and clear.
Right, let's all have
a double gin and tonic
and go do some fucking murders,
then, is it, yeah?
[women laugh]
[suspenseful music plays]
[Helen] We need to talk about Yarrick.
Wallace told me
that he'd never heard of Phillip Bray,
except he had.
Phillip came to him
fact-checking a story he was writing
about a recording he had of Yarrick
that had something to do with China.
And I'm sure it's the same recording
that Elmore Fitch was after.
And then yesterday,
I overheard Wallace accuse Yarrick
of being involved in Phillip's death.
Phillip Bray comes to me,
saying he has a recording of you
and that it was linked to China,
and now he's fucking dead.
Did you have
anything to do with his death?
Are you hiding something?
Okay, so until I get to Kai-Ming,
I'd say the next person I need to speak to
is Stephen Yarrick.
[Helen] Agreed. I think he could help us
find the people who killed Jason.
But, Sam, don't hurt him,
unless you don't have a choice.
He's been to every single one
of my children's birthday parties.
We've been on holiday together.
He's been there for Wallace
through thick and thin.
Are you worried
I'm gonna shoot him or something?
Our children go to school together.
He'll be at the nativity this afternoon.
Can I get to him?
Well, I should imagine so, yes.
See if you can get him to talk.
- And get me his phone.
- Okay.
[suspenseful music continues]
Look at this.
- I found Kai-Ming.
- [Hector] We need to get out of here! Go!
I'm pretty certain that she's being held
in a gang hideout in Peckham.
Well, let's go and get her.
- [Sam] It's too dangerous.
- We can handle it.
No.
- Sam...
- Helen.
I was sent here to keep you alive,
not drag you into
a series of escalating gunfights, okay?
I have a plan.
I have a way in. I'm gonna sort it.
But we'll do this my way, all right?
[suspenseful music continues]
- [Bill] Wal!
- [music fades]
- What are you wearing tonight?
- What am I wearing? Nothing.
I mean, house clothes.
What are you talking about?
Department of Work and Pensions'
Christmas drinks.
Yes, which I've mercifully
not been invited to.
An egregious oversight
that's been rectified. You're going.
You know I'm the defence secretary?
You know?
The Chinese have reached out.
- They want a meeting.
- With me?
Yes. They don't want anyone to know
they want a meeting.
So we have to find somewhere
where conceivably the defence secretary
could bump into envoys
from the Chinese government.
The Work and Pensions' Christmas drinks
was the first thing you thought of?
- It's the best we had at short notice.
- It would have to have been.
I'm making the department go.
Bring the wife, make a show.
A five-minute powwow in the side room
and then you can leave.
Do we know what they wanna talk about?
Well, uh, let's assume
it's their dead ambassador.
Then if it's just whether Arsenal are
gonna qualify for the Champions League,
that can be a nice surprise for all of us.
I'll have a car pick you up.
Okay?
[bell rings]
[parents chatter]
[cell phone rings]
Stephen, no, we don't have time.
Oh, it's a government number.
I better take this. I'll be two minutes.
Come on, let's elbow past
all these slow bastards
and get a seat at the front.
Hello? Yarrick.
Hello?
Hello? Hello?
No?
Okay.
[Sam] Don't turn around.
Move. Forward.
Go in there.
Go on.
[door closes]
Sit down.
[boy 1] Are we nearly there yet?
No, we're still ages away.
- [audience laughs]
- Just as you asked me five minutes ago.
Don't make me turn this camel around.
Patience, please.
The journey will be well worth it
once we meet the baby Jesus.
[boy 2] The wise people continued
on their journey, eager to meet...
[Sam] What was on that recording
Phillip Bray had?
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- [Sam] You do.
He had something on you,
you found out, and now he's dead.
That was nothing to do with me.
- It was something to do with China.
- No.
Note the lack... of rising inflection
at the end of the sentence.
That wasn't a question. He was onto you
about something you'd done.
It involved the ambassador.
It got him killed.
What was on that recording, Stephen?
What is it that everyone's looking for?
[boy 1] We are looking
for a place to stay...
By the way, there's a thing tonight.
We have to go to it. Um, Christmas drinks.
- Tonight?
- Yeah.
It's just a stupid meeting.
It's the Chinese.
All very cloak-and-daggers,
but it'll be quite quick.
- [boy 3] No room!
- [Sam] Unlock your phone, give it to me.
[keypad clacking]
Come on.
[phone unlocks]
- [breathing anxiously]
- Don't turn around.
A lot of late-night calls to a number
saved as "Repair Shop" in your phone.
And, oh... [chuckles] ...look, a message
to them at 5:00 a.m. on 13th December.
That was the night that Ambassador Chen
was killed, wasn't it?
Let's see what it says.
"It's done." What was done, Stephen?
Chen? I don't know
what you're talking about.
I'm talking about murders.
Professional ones. Expensive ones.
Ambassador Chen, Phillip Bray,
Maggie Jones, Jason Davies.
You know who killed them.
Don't pretend you don't.
Why don't I ask Repair Shop?
Shall I ring him now?
No. No, don't. [groans]
I'm gonna go through every number,
contact, message on this phone.
I'm gonna find out all your secrets.
And they are not going to stay secrets.
[Stephen] Stop. Just stop.
Okay?
Walk away. You don't know
what you're dealing with.
[Sam] Then enlighten me.
What is it you're involved in?
This isn't gonna go away, Stephen.
I can't help you if you don't tell me
who you're working for.
[quiet, tense music plays]
[Stephen breathes heavily]
Y-You can't help me.
[tense music continues]
Are you gonna shoot me in this classroom?
If you were smart,
you'd already be running.
[tense music continues]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[children in the distance]
♪ Lord Jesus lay down his sweet head ♪
♪ The stars in the night sky ♪
♪ Looked down where he lay ♪
♪ The little lord Jesus ♪
♪ Asleep on the hay ♪
[applause]
[applause fades]
[tense music plays]
[keypad clacking]
[ominous music plays]
[bong]
[message alert chimes]
[tense music swells]
[music fades]
So you know the guy who owns this place,
this Hector Newman?
Yeah? Yeah?
Yeah, you really had a chance to kill him
seven years ago and you didn't take it?
Correct.
- Well, fair play.
- Bet you're regretting that now.
I have a moral code.
Oh my God. You and your code.
If you don't have a code in this job,
you have nothing.
Right, so you let him live... so you could
come and kill him seven years later?
I'm only killing him because you're gonna
kill my ex-boyfriend if I don't.
We're only gonna kill your ex-boyfriend
because you killed my partner.
I only killed your partner
because she was gonna kill my friend.
- Well, I--
- Oh my God! Fucking hell!
Like, shut the fuck up!
You're doing my head in.
Literally a car full of assassins
trying to find the moral high ground.
Do you know what, right?
I did my first job when I was 17.
I got 200 quid to cut the brakes
of my cousin's boyfriend's car.
He crashed into an Esso station.
Could hear the explosion in Bridgend.
I've been doing it for years,
and I'm fucking good at it.
So you-- Oi, Sam, you say there's a girl
in here tonight that needs help,
and there's a not-zero chance
we all die in the process, yeah?
Yeah-- What?
Well, I like those odds.
I like the idea
we might do something good.
Afterwards, we can all go back
to cutting each other's throats.
If any of us are still alive
by tomorrow, that is.
[laughs]
[door opens]
That was nice, earlier, wasn't it? Um...
Seeing the kids in their nativity.
I think that's my favorite
part of Christmas.
Yeah, mine too. [chuckles]
- We should go.
- Okay.
["Free Yourself" by Jessie Ware plays]
♪ Free, free, free, free ♪
♪ Free yourself ♪
♪ Keep on moving up that mountaintop ♪
♪ Why don't you please yourself? ♪
Oh, there's my lot.
Forced at gunpoint to attend.
[chuckles] I tell you what,
why don't I go and get us some drinks,
and, uh, you can rally the troops?
Sounds good.
♪ Don't stop ♪
♪ Baby, don't you ♪
♪ Don't stand there waiting
All of your life ♪
♪ For the night to come and find you ♪
♪ The clock is ticking, baby
Now is the time ♪
♪ For someone to come and hold you... ♪
Uh, two glasses of red wine, please.
Thank you.
♪ Extraordinary colors
Don't you hide undercover, baby ♪
♪ Free yourself... ♪
- [Helen] Thank you.
- There you go.
♪ Moving up that mountaintop ♪
[woman snorts]
- How, um...
- I shouldn't snort like that.
- It was quite a loud one.
- Sorry! [laughs]
- Uh, do you want a drink?
- No, I think I'm good.
- Hi!
- [Wallace] Hey.
Hels, this is Dani.
Don't know if you two have ever met.
[dramatic drumroll]
- No, I don't think we have. Hello.
- Nice to meet you.
- Wallace talks about you all the time.
- God, how unbearable!
Excuse me.
Wallace, can I grab you for a minute?
Uh, yeah. Excuse me for a sec.
[both chuckle awkwardly]
Love your dress.
Thank you. I love your socks.
[chuckles] Kind of an office in-joke.
- [both laugh awkwardly]
- [cell phone rings]
[cell phone buzzes]
- Is that you?
- [cell phone rings]
Oh, sorry. Excuse me.
Of course.
Sorry. Thanks.
[cell phone buzzing, ringing]
[man] Whoever's holding this phone
is in a lot of trouble.
You're searching for something,
but you've picked up a rock
with a snake underneath.
A snake with venom.
A snake that is going to pounce
if you do not back away.
Well, that was
a pretty labored fucking metaphor.
Listen, why don't you tell me
who you are and where I can find you,
and, uh, we can
talk about it face-to-face?
[man] No, I don't think so.
Perhaps it would help you
to see what you're dealing with.
[message alert chimes]
- [clack]
- [tense music plays]
[heavy breathing]
[man] Wakey-wakey, Stephen.
[tense music builds]
[Stephen whimpers]
- [Wallace] What's the mood like?
- [inhales sharply] It's frosty.
You, leave.
Chang Hao, Chinese envoy.
Mr. Webb.
- You all right?
- This is Wu Lin.
All right?
Mr. Wu has been investigating
the murder of Ambassador Chen.
An unauthorized investigation, hm?
Without the permission
or assistance of the Metropolitan Police.
In this case, it's not been possible
to collaborate with your police force.
And why's that?
Because we believe them
to be complicit in the crime.
Do you? Complicit?
I'm afraid, in this country,
we have a few more checks and balances
with our coppers
than you might be used to
back home, gentlemen.
What's this?
Kai-Ming Chen's flat,
one hour before the body of our ambassador
was found inside.
The man you can see fleeing
is Cole Atwood.
Kai-Ming's boyfriend
and CIA agent.
[Chang Hao] By checking CCTV,
we were able to trace
Cole Atwood's journey
from the murder scene all the way back
to the American embassy.
We have not as yet seen him leave.
So much security camera footage.
Except when Mr. Lin
tried to find recordings
taken around Kai-Ming's apartment
when the killing took place,
none exists.
As if someone had wiped out all evidence
of what really happened in that apartment.
[message alert chimes]
[tense music plays]
[groaning on video]
[Chang Hao] Mr. Webb, our ambassador
is dead. His daughter is missing.
Your closest ally just committed
an act of war upon us.
And your government is complicit
in covering it up.
I'm afraid this doesn't
prove anything, gentlemen.
The proof will come.
Ask the Americans if Cole Atwood is CIA.
And then tell me if you think that
they are lying to you when they deny it.
Why are you bringing this to me?
There are a number of proposals
from our government
to various British companies
concerning Category 1 military contracts.
So far, these proposals have been denied.
We are keen to have them reevaluated.
We don't do that kind of business
with you, and you know it.
We are offering you
the opportunity to avoid
a catastrophic escalation of violence.
We suggest you give
due consideration to it,
uh, and to the alternative.
[Wallace scoffs]
[tense music continues]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[quietly] Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck.
[Stephen groaning on video]
[tense music builds]
Vodka.
[upbeat music plays]
- [sighs]
- Is everything okay?
- [chuckles]
- Was that vodka? Love that.
Hey, we need to, uh, leave.
- Oh, so soon?
- Yeah, I've been pulled into a meeting.
No rest for the wicked.
It was so nice to meet you, Helen.
Sorry you're dragged away from the fun.
Looked like you were just getting started.
Don't be. If I'm lucky,
I'll beat the traffic,
be in my pajamas,
watching telly within the hour.
Ah, well, a door closes, a window opens.
I suppose it does.
[suspenseful music plays]
[music stops]
I want out.
[Reed] Oh, Helen.
Oh, please don't try and persuade me
to stay. It won't work.
We'd just waste both of our times,
and I have to piss every 15 minutes,
so we're really rather on the clock here.
- Why now?
- [Helen] The babies.
- Can't let them become a part of this.
- [Reed] What about Wallace?
- I hate the idea of hurting him.
- [Reed] Why are you trying to leave him?
I'm not trying to leave him.
I'm trying to leave you.
Well, you'd have to go away.
You can't be a loose end
hanging around here.
I have a place.
- [Reed] Is it far?
- You won't find it.
Only if I'm not looking.
Well, it's your decision, of course.
We can probably
get someone else in fairly easily.
He'll be vulnerable
right after you've gone.
Get someone else in?
[Reed] What, you think he's not gonna
meet someone else if you leave?
He's not Miss fucking Havisham, Helen.
We'll get a new girl in, new relationship.
Wallace is someone we've identified
as a potential long-term tap.
So, yes, we'll get someone else in.
A door closes, a window opens,
as I always say.
[suspenseful, pulsing music plays]
[cell phone buzzing]
[buzzing ends]
Hey!
[Sam] Helen.
- [Helen] It's so good to hear from you.
- How pregnant are you?
[car doors close]
[Helen] Sam, what's going on?
I'm compromised.
So... Um, I'm fucked, I mean.
They're here. Michael's here.
I need you to get him out.
I'm coming. Hold on.
[Sam] Helen, it's gonna be bad.
I will be there.
[somber music plays]
- Sam, what's happening?
- [Sam] You need to get dressed.
- What the hell is going on?
- Get dressed.
- No, Sam.
- Fucking put them on!
You have to talk to me.
Who were those men?
Why did they attack us?
- They didn't attack us.
- No--
They attacked me.
Now, listen. Listen to me now.
It's okay. You're gonna be fine.
You need to get dressed.
Nothing else matters now. Put them on.
Come on.
We're gonna go out now,
and you're gonna stay behind me, okay?
- You understand?
- Sam...
Now, close your eyes. Hold onto me.
Move when I tell you to move.
Stop when I tell you to stop, okay?
- [gunshots]
- [bullets ricochet]
Close your eyes.
[gunshots]
[Michael panting]
Come.
Stay low. There are stairs here.
Now, down.
And another.
Stay low.
- Hold onto me.
- Yeah.
- [gunshots]
- [Sam] Back. Back.
- [serene music plays]
- [heavy breathing softens]
[muffled gunshots]
[serene music continues]
[Sam] Come here.
[gunshots]
- That's it.
- [gun cocks, casings clatter]
That's it. Right behind me.
We're really nearly there.
[gunshots]
- More stairs. Hold tight.
- [Michael] Yeah.
More stairs.
Okay. Keep down. Keep back.
Keep low.
- [serene music continues]
- [Michael whimpers]
- [music stirs]
- [Michael breathing heavily]
- [music stops]
- Oh fuck!
[Michael whimpers]
[gunshot]
[gun clicks]
Go, go, go!
[tires screech]
[breath trembling]
[Michael] Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. [whimpers]
Sam... Sam.
[Michael whimpers, pants]
Michael, I'm...
- Sam, are you okay?
- I'm so sorry.
[Michael cries]
[somber music plays]
[Michael hyperventilating]
I will fix this.
You need to run. You run.
[somber music continues]
[car door opens, closes]
[car door closes]
[engine starts]
[tires screech]
[somber music continues]
[thunder rumbles]
[music fades]
[cell phone ringing]
[beeps]
Hello?
[Helen] It's me.
There's a body on the street
on Preston Road N1,
and multiple bodies inside a flat.
Right.
[Helen] I need an exit strategy for Sam,
and his partner needs protection.
Well, you know, Helen,
something like that is expensive.
It's a lot of work.
It's a service
I can't just provide to anyone.
I'll stay. I won't leave.
Forget what I said earlier.
I need to know that you're reliable,
that I can trust you.
[Helen] You can. I promise.
It makes me happy to hear you say that.
I'll make some calls
and talk to you on Monday.
Sam's lucky to have you as a friend.
Tell your friends he had a breakdown
and he had to leave.
Uh, tell them you were heartbroken,
and you... you went away for a while.
You stayed with your parents.
A woman named Reed will call.
Follow her instructions.
Forget today. Do you understand?
Never ever tell anyone what happened.
I cannot guarantee your safety if you do.
[Michael whimpers shakily]
What are you having?
Girl and a boy.
[suspenseful music plays]
[melancholy music plays]
[suspenseful, foreboding music plays]
[music stops]
[man] Just try and explain that
to my missus, I tell ya.
She would not have that at all.
She loves it, don't she?
She loves all that.
Shit. I should have brought
that rocket launcher.
This girl inside, how important is she?
[tense music plays]
I promised my friend I'd find her.
So she's very important.
[rummaging]
[gun cocks]
[gun clicks]
Still time to back out.
[Lenny] There's a man.
He's been cheating some people.
Breaking a code, so to speak.
[tense music continues]
This is a business of codes.
You understand?
You don't. But you will.
Maybe.
Anyway, this man, he crossed a line.
He has to go.
Has to.
[suspenseful organ music plays]
[dad] When you take someone out,
you look them in the eye,
because it's the most intimate thing
you'll ever do with another person.
You were the setting sun.
You were the coming night.
You were the last word in their story.
- [dramatic music plays]
- [gunshots]
- [gun clicks]
- [bullet casings clatter]
[inhales deeply]
So you look them in the eye.
Because you owe them that.
Nothing more.
[dramatic music continues]
[dad] And then it's over.
[thunder rumbles]
[Williams] Sam.
You can still back out.
No.
I can't.
[music abating]
[music fades]
[somber music plays]
♪ I was five and he was six ♪
♪ We rode on horses made of sticks ♪
♪ He wore black and I wore white ♪
♪ He would always win the fight ♪
♪ Bang, bang ♪
♪ My baby shot me down ♪
♪ My, my, my baby shot me down ♪
[music fades]